---
title: "2017"
permalink: /mtl-student-activities/2017/
description: ""
---
#### **Tamil New Year Concert 2017**

<iframe allowfullscreen="true" height="299" width="480" frameborder="0" src="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/e/2PACX-1vR51qoda_GSyPiVxemY3JYgM5K5X4o4DNs2aDPbYEeIPF96h53W7excvV4FnrAPellAv0NfYS9kiUIm/embed?start=false&amp;loop=false&amp;delayms=3000"></iframe>

The annual Tamil New Year celebration was held on 12th of April 2017. This year, the TNY celebration took on a new twist with the introduction of Vishu, the New Year celebration of the Malayalees. The many colourful and dynamic performances included the opening item of the popular Chenda Melam and the Mohiniattam, a traditional dance form of the Malayalees. Delighting the crowd as usual were guest performances by Rhythm Masala and the Omkar Arts and our very own talented student Tabla musicians. While the aisle gave way to the sensational Fashion Parade that showcased the various forms of festive costumes of the South Indians, the stage threw its limelight on the Finale Dance performed by students.  

This year, the winners of the annual Kolam competition was announced during the celebration. Elated students from Secondary 2/1 could not contain their joy as they were crowned the proud champions of the competition.

#### **Chinese New Year Concert 2017**

On 27 January 2017, the school gathered in the school hall to watch the Chinese New Year concert put up by the Mother Tongue Language Department. We were happy to have our members of the SAC, OOA and PTA, and 40 senior citizens from our community, celebrating with us during this joyous occasion.

  

The concert started off with a group of teachers and students dancing a special “Chicken dance” to usher in the Year of the Rooster. Other performances included a lion dance, a Hip Hop dance item by the Outram Dance Club, a dance by Jillian (S3/1) and Shakur (S3/3) and a beautiful music piece by our GuZheng Ensemble. Our talented senior citizen guest Mdm Goh Kim Eng, a group of teachers and Wen Qing (S4/3) sang some Chinese songs.

  

The highlight of the show was the arrival of God of Fortune who gave out ang baos, conducted quizzes and danced his very own version of the PPAP song. The concert ended with group singing led by school leaders and teachers on stage. All staff and guests then proceeded to the amphitheatre for “lo hei” (tossing of yusheng) and light refreshment.

<iframe allowfullscreen="true" height="299" width="480" frameborder="0" src="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/e/2PACX-1vQ0Ch90uIz0Xjx5lNLjjafgS-0qceoK7fz9Xy_VDXY8MU_XH-pkDz1Nnh3gD3238RaAQY6gwdDH_jMp/embed?start=false&amp;loop=false&amp;delayms=3000"></iframe>