---
title: "2018"
permalink: /mtl-student-activities/2018/
description: ""
---
#### **Selamat Hari Raya 2018**


<iframe allowfullscreen="true" height="299" width="480" frameborder="0" src="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/e/2PACX-1vTGh4zwkqNWjUT5ZENXR1io_Fbag3VHuwvMXF9JGc7iXWZKCrcCncROchwg8I8yT7qG91RYgIFDXGUc/embed?start=false&amp;loop=false&amp;delayms=3000"></iframe>

The school celebrated Hari Raya Puasa together with our Muslim colleagues and students on 15 June 2018. In commemoration of this festive event, the Outram Secondary School Malay Community organised a Hari Raya concert on 11 July to share the happy occasion with the rest of the school.

This year, the Hari Raya concert focused on values which the Muslim community try to cultivate during their month of fasting – those of tolerance, perseverance and patience. They also shared the rationale behind why Muslims fast during the month of Ramadan. The whole school was entertained heartily with a ‘Noose’-styled programme, complete with newscasters, reporters and live interview segments.

The Kompang group, who had been practising for 2 months prior to the concert, led our school’s senior management into the hall to kickstart the concert. There was also a short Silat performance by students who had picked up the art during the Mother Tongue Fortnight. The ultimate highlight of the day was the enthralling dance performance by the Malay girls, as well as a special Hari Raya MTV fronted by our very own Malay teachers.

#### **Tamil New Year 2018**


<iframe allowfullscreen="true" height="299" width="480" frameborder="0" src="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/e/2PACX-1vTrop1Z_v7wNRBSWem5VUdJdhZDgjFRzyv8SVoMdLimkJBvdmoB7f30twwNdCujsLI4hLorSXQos_gc/embed?start=false&amp;loop=false&amp;delayms=3000"></iframe>

This year, the Tamil New Year Celebration was held in conjunction with the commemoration of International Friendship Day. It was a lively assembly programme hosted by the Secondary One Tamil students Raveen & Thrisha. There was a plethora of captivating and exuberant programmes lined up during the celebratory concert. A troupe of Tamil boys showcased their talents in playing exotic International Musical Instruments, and offered a brief introduction of the various instruments from all over the world, including those from Germany, Brazil, South India and North India. The highlights of the event comprised a trivia quiz on Tamil New Year and an uplifting music video put together by the staff and students of Outram Secondary School. Winners of the annual Kolam competition organised for the Secondary Two students were also announced during the concert. It was a colourful affair where Outramians had a unique experience of learning about the various traditions and cultures practised by Indians from different countries.

#### **Chinese New Year Celebration 2018**


<iframe allowfullscreen="true" height="299" width="480" frameborder="0" src="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/e/2PACX-1vRWeFTCZOKo8nccy07XCWElw8q960X5f4dHYqjeMJZsBMqnYAZNlYqarmK9qEGTQ4DvvYnZc3zLJWut/embed?start=false&amp;loop=false&amp;delayms=3000"></iframe>

To usher in the Year of the Dog, the Mother Tongue Language (MTL) Department organised the annual Chinese New Year Concert on 15 February 2018. In collaboration with the Character and Citizenship Education (CCE) Committee, the MTL Department invited 40 senior citizens to join the school to celebrate this joyous occasion. The commemoration of Total Defence Day was also included as part of the day’s programme.

The event began with the appearance of 12 zodiac animals grooving to rhythmic tunes, bringing joy and laughter to the audience. There were also performances put up by talented teachers and students from various Performing Arts groups.  

Towards the end of the concert, the God of Fortune arrived to distribute the much awaited red packets to everyone. The concert ended with community singing, followed by the customary “lo hei” (tossing of ‘yusheng’) for the teachers and elderly guests. Here’s wishing everyone a prosperous Chinese New Year!